Adding state override parameter and fixing snap example (#362)
rsksmart/devportal: docs/03-node-operators/03-json-rpc/01-methods.md

2. `QUANTITY|TAG` - integer block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"` or `"pending"`, see the [default block parameter](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

> 3. `Object` - From release LOVELL-7.2.0 and on, we support the State Override Set. The state override set is an optional address-to-state mapping, used in eth_call, where each entry specifies some state to be ephemerally overridden prior to executing the call. Each address maps to an object containing the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `Object` - From [LOVELL-7.2.0](https://rootstock.io/blog/introducing-rskj-lovell-7-2-0/) release and on, we support the State Override Set. The state override set is an optional address-to-state mapping, used in `eth_call`, where each entry specifies some state to be momentarily overridden prior to executing the call. Each address maps to an object containing the following fields:
```
